[IMP] Subscriptions: Upsell doc rewrite (#17375)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/upselling.rst

Upsell subscriptions
====================

When a quotation with a subscription is confirmed, it officially becomes a sales order and a new
subscription is created in the **Subscriptions** app. When a subscription sales order is opened,
either in the **Sales** or **Subscriptions** apps, that subscription may then be upsold via the

> :guilabel:`Upsell` button at the top of the sales order.

Reviewer: The second sentence starting on line 6 could be moved to the top of the next section. Just a suggestion to separate conceptual information from functional info (and for brevity).

Also see comment below this about moving the note and screenshot. Again, just a suggestion.

Upselling involves changing a subscription to include a more expensive product or service. Upselling
may also involve adding discounts to encourage conversion. Before sending an upsell quotation to a
customer, the unit price, taxes, and even discount may all be adjusted. Using the *Upsell* feature
allows for greater convenience and continuity when making changes to an exisiting subscription.

.. note::
   A subscription sales order **must** be invoiced before it can be upsold.

.. image:: upselling/upsell-your-subscription.png

>    :alt: Upsell button for subscription sales orders highlighted in Odoo Subscriptions.

Reviewer: To separate the conceptual information from the functional, I suggest moving this note and screenshot to the top of the next section.

Author: Took the spirit of the suggestion and moved the info and picture around to where they made more sense. Thanks!

How to upsell a subscription
----------------------------

Click the :guilabel:`Upsell` button to bring up a new quotation form. This quotation's status as an

> upsell is indiicated by the purple :guilabel:`Upsell` icon in the corner of the form. The chatter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upsell is indicated by the :guilabel:`Upsell` icon in the corner of the form. The chatter
```

Reviewer: suggestion to fix typo and accommodations for accessibility issues.

for the new form also includes information linking the upsell order to the original order.

.. image:: upselling/upsell-chatter.png
   :alt: Chatter for an upsell order showing information related to the original subscription sales
         order.

Within the new form, the initial subscription product appears in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.
The :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab also features a reminder that recurring products are prorated based
on the original subscription's starting date.

.. important::
   The prorated amount is **only** applied to *Service* product types. It is **not** applied to
   *Goods*, even if the message appears and suggests otherwise.

From this new upsell quotation form, new subscription products can be added in the :guilabel:`Order
Lines` tab, by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product` and selecting the desired subscription product.

> Once the desired upsell subscription product(s) have been added, the quotation can be sent to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lines` tab, by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product` and selecting the desired subscription products.
Once the desired upsell subscription products have been added, the quotation can be sent to the
```

> customer for approval by clicking the :guilabel:`Send` button. Once the quotation is confirmed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customer for approval by clicking the :guilabel:`Send` button. 

Once the quotation is confirmed by
```

Reviewer: Suggesting a newline to separate these punctuated steps (and to break up this somewhat long text block).

the customer, the upsold products are added to the initial subscription. The quotation's prices are
then prorated based on the current invoicing period's remaining time.

Once the customer approves, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button on the quotation, making it a sales
order. When that's clicked, a :guilabel:`Sales History` smart button appears, displaying how many
sales orders are attached to this initial subscription sales order.

When the :guilabel:`Sales History` smart button is clicked, Odoo reveals a separate page containing
a list of the related sales orders, clearly showcasing their individual :guilabel:`Subscription
Status`.

.. image:: upselling/sales-history-smartbutton.png
   :alt: The related sales order accessed from the Sales History smart button in Odoo Subscriptions.

Discount configuration
----------------------

Discounts can be easily applied to upsold subscriptions to incentivize customers to purchase more
expensive or additional subscriptions. The *Discounts* feature must be enabled to allow .

> To activate the *Discounts* feature, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expensive or additional subscriptions. To do this, the *Discounts* feature must be enabled.

To activate the *Discounts* feature, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->
```

Settings`. Scroll to the :guilabel:`Pricing` section and tick the checkbox beside
:guilabel:`Discounts`. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Create alternative
------------------

Customers can also be presented with alternative subscription quotations. Alternative quotations can
be created even after sending an upsell quotation to a customer.

To create an alternative upsell quotation, click the :guilabel:`Create Alternative` button at the

> top of the upsell quotation form. This opens a new upsell sales order that is leaked to the previous

Reviewer: Could you clarify what you mean by 'leaked'? As in 'carried over' from the the previous orders?

Author: "Linked." Yeesh. Typo.
